Now I will prove next theorem. I am using, good known in a literature, definition
 of Basic Paxos protocol, which I have referred in report 3.
     DEFINITION of Basic Paxos protocol.
1a. A Proposer  creates a proposal identified with a number N. This number must be greater
 than any previous proposal number used by this Proposer. Then, it sends
 a Prepare message containing  this proposal to a Quorum of Acceptors.
 The Proposer decides who is in the Quorum.
 
1b. If the proposal's number N is higher than any previous proposal number received
 from any Proposer by the Acceptor, then the Acceptor must return to Proposer a promise
 to ignore all future proposals having a number less than N. If the Acceptor accepted
 a proposal at some point in the past, it must include the previous
 proposal number and previous value in its response to the Proposer.
 Otherwise, the Acceptor can ignore the received proposal.

2a.If a Proposer receives enough promises from a Quorum of Acceptors,
 it needs to set a value to its proposal.
 If any Acceptors had previously accepted any proposal,
 then they'll have sent their values to the Proposer,
 who now must set the value of its proposal 
 to the    criated with the highest proposal number reported 
 by the Acceptors. If none of the Acceptors had accepted
 a proposal up to this point, then the Proposer may 
 choose any value for its proposal.
 The Proposer sends an Accept Request message to a Quorum
 of Acceptors with the chosen value for its proposal.
 
2.b If an Acceptor receives an Accept Request message for a proposal N,
 it must accept it if and only if it has not already promised
 to only consider proposals having an identifier greater than N. 
 In this case, it should register the corresponding value v and
 send an Accepted message to the Proposer and every Learner.
 Else, it can ignore the Accept Request.
 
 Let's introduce next condition:
     "There exist such Acceptor, that in interval of time between:(t1)-it has  sent
 to some Propser a promise (to  ignore all future proposals having a number less than N),
 and (t2) it has received an Accept Request message for a proposal N;
 this Acceptor has not received  any Prepar message with  proposal  an  identifier
 greater than N".
   This condition we will name:
      "a weak  condition of  coordinating."(WC_of_C)
    THEOREM. A  Basic Paxos protocol,will accept and register
 an Accepted message if, and only if  "a weak  condition of  coordinating" (WC_of_C)
 is performed.
   PROOF.Let an Acceptor A has accepted the Accept Request message for proposal N.
 From item 2b of definition of Base Paxos Protocol this means, that the Acceptor A
 has not received any Prepare message with proposal number N1 > N, and as consequence
 this means, that WC_of_C is performed.
     From another side. Let WC_of_C is performed. Then, duering the time interval from
 t1 up to t2 the Acceptor A has not received any Prepare message with proposal
 number more than N, but according item 1b of DEFINITION, at time t1 value N
 was the highest, among all proposal number, received by the Acceptor A, that is why
 value N is the highest and at time t2, and according to item 2b of DEFINITION, the
 Acceptor A must accept the Accept Request message for a proposal N, and it should
 register the corresponding value V of inform object. And Base Paxos Protocol will
 reach result.
    The theorem is proved.
	This theorem can have a lot of useful corollaries, which give sufficient conditions for
 success of Base Paxes Protocol. First let's prove a statement  from report3.
  COROLLARY 1.If every Proposer can repeat a creating a proposal only after an accepting
 and registered some value,and, at least one, Proposer has created and sent to Quorum
 a Prepare message, then result will be always reached.(Protocol will accept value).
   PROOF.A number of Proposers is finite, and if everyone may create not more than
one Prepare message, then there will be  the highest of all(not empty set)  proposal
 number and  exist an Acceptor, which will receive the Acceptor Request with the highest
 value  of an  identificator,  WC_of_C will  be performed.
   COROLLARY is proved.
 